docs: reflect current state of pyhton config (#23)
bettermarks/renovate-config: README.md

### python

**There is currently only [limited / "alpha level" support](https://github.com/renovatebot/renovate/blob/main/lib/modules/manager/pip-compile/readme.md) for python using `pip-compile`.

> This configuration has been used in some python projects for a while, you can test it in [bettermarks/renovate-config-test-pip-compile](https://github.com/bettermarks/renovate-config-test-pip-compile) by replacing the dependency files and change the config and see what updates renovate files.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This configuration is currently only used in a small number of python projects, so it may need modifications. You can test it in [bettermarks/renovate-config-test-pip-compile](https://github.com/bettermarks/renovate-config-test-pip-compile) by modifying the dependency files and the renovate config in order to see what updates renovate produces.**
```

- the [default config](#default) from this repository

and it configures the following:

- Enables [pip-compile](https://docs.renovatebot.com/modules/manager/pip-compile/) manager (and disables [pip_requirements](https://docs.renovatebot.com/modules/manager/pip_requirements/) and [pip_setup](https://docs.renovatebot.com/modules/manager/pip_setup/) managers since we don't use those)

> If you found a config that works for you, please consider to update this one after testing it in [bettermarks/renovate-config-test-pip-compile](https://github.com/bettermarks/renovate-config-test-pip-compile) .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you found a config that works for you, please consider updating this one after testing it in [bettermarks/renovate-config-test-pip-compile](https://github.com/bettermarks/renovate-config-test-pip-compile).
```

**you can override all of this per repo!**

> it is very likely that you want to add the following using the correct values:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is very likely (especially for `uv pip compile`, which doesn't include the python version in the header) that you want to specify the python version in the config:
```
